Introduction:
-------------

The CPClient is an open source implementation of the OMA Client
Provisioning (CP) standard.  OMA CP is a device management
protocol that describes how application and connection settings can be
provisioned over the air after a device has left the factory.

Compiling the CPClient:
-----------------

The CPClient is built using autotools and gcc.  It also has a number
of dependencies on third party libraries, notably glib, libxml2, libwbxml2
and gnutls.  Development versions of these libraries need to be installed
before the CPClient can be compiled.  In addition, the CPClient's documentation
is all written in doxygen.  So if you would like to read the documentation,
which we highly recommend you do, you should also install doxygen.  On Ubuntu
the requisite dependencies can be installed with the following commands.

sudo apt-get install autoconf
sudo apt-get install libdbus-1-dev
sudo apt-get install libxml2-dev
sudo apt-get install libxml2-dev
sudo apt-get install libwbxml2-dev
sudo apt-get install libgnutls-dev
sudo apt-get install libglib2.0-dev
sudo apt-get install doxygen

The CPClient also depends on another component called Provman.  It communicates
with Provman via d-Bus and so it does not link directly with it.  This means
that the CPClient can be compiled and run even if Provman is not installed on
your system.  However, if Provman is not installed, the CPClient will be
unable to provision any settings.  Provman is not included in Linux
distributions and needs to be downloaded and compiled manually.  The code
for Provman is hosted and github and can be retrieved as follows:

git://github.com/otcshare/provman.git

Please refer to the Provman documentation for more information.

Once all the dependencies are installed all you need to do is to create
the configure files, run configure, and then make and install the CPClient.
This can all be done with 4 commands.

autoreconf -i
./configure
make install
sudo make install-strip

Configure Options:
------------------

--enable-logging

Enables logging.  Logging is disabled by default.  Log files are written
to the /tmp/cpclient-$USER.log.  Logging should never be enabled on production
builds.  It will slow down the CPClient and can create security issues as
sensitive information such as provisioned email passwords may be recorded in
the log files.

--enable-tests

This feature is disabled by default.  If enabled, the test cases stored in
the testcases directory are copied to $prefix/lib/cpclient/test during
make install.

--enable-docs

The documentation is built by default if doxygen is installed on the system.  To
disable, run configure with --enable-docs="no" or --disable-docs.  The
documentation is stored in docs/doxygen/html and will be installed to
$prefix/share/doc/cpclient when make install is run.

--enable-overwrite

This option is enabled by default.  It can be disabled by setting
--enable-overwrite="no" or by using --disable-overwrite.  When enabled
it allows existing accounts to be re-provisioned.  Please see the doxygen
documentation for more information.

--enable-werror

This option is enabled by default.  To disable use --enable-werror="no" or
--disable-werror.  If enabled, all warnings are treated as errors during
compilation.  Should be enabled during development to ensure that errors do
not creep into the code base.
